scripts: add openocd xilinx_zynqmp.cfg (#1582)
phoenix-rtos/phoenix-rtos-project: README.md

Phoenix-RTOS philosophy, architecture and internals are described in [docs.phoenix-rtos.com](https://docs.phoenix-rtos.com).

## Licenses

`phoenix-rtos-project` is licensed under the BSD 3-Clause License.

> It includes configuration scripts for external utilities, which are provided solely for convenience as a mere aggregation and do not form an integral part of the Phoenix-RTOS codebase. As such, they do not affect the licensing of the core project. The licensing terms for these specific scripts are declared within the files themselves and accompanied by their respective license files.

Reviewer: A bit more precise:
```suggestion
It includes configuration scripts for external utilities, which are included solely for convenience and constitute a mere aggregation and do not form an integral part of the Phoenix-RTOS codebase. As such, they do not affect the licensing of the core project. The licensing terms for these specific scripts are declared within the files themselves and accompanied by their respective license files.
```

Also, the readme update should be for sure in a separate commit.

Author: Done
